Fix example code in README (#56)
aboutyou/dart_packages: packages/sign_in_with_apple/README.md

```dart
SignInWithAppleButton(
  onPressed: () async {
    final credentials = await SignInWithApple.getAppleIDCredential(
      scopes: [
        AppleIDAuthorizationScopes.email,
        AppleIDAuthorizationScopes.fullName,
      ],
    );

    print(credentials);

>     // Now send credentials (to your server to create a session

Author: ```suggestion
    // Now send the credential to your server to create a session
```

>     // Now send the credential (especially `credentials.authorizationCode`) to your server to create a session

Author: ```suggestion
    // Now send the credential (especially `credential.authorizationCode`) to your server to create a session
```

🙈
